<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom"><title>Licton Springs Community Council - Minutes</title><link href="https://lictonsprings.org/" rel="alternate"></link><link href="https://lictonsprings.org/feeds/minutes.atom.xml" rel="self"></link><id>https://lictonsprings.org/</id><updated>2018-09-19T00:00:00-07:00</updated><entry><title>Council Meeting Minutes September 2018</title><link href="https://lictonsprings.org/council-meeting-minutes-september-2018.html" rel="alternate"></link><published>2018-09-19T00:00:00-07:00</published><updated>2018-09-19T00:00:00-07:00</updated><author><name>Licton Springs Community Council</name></author><id>tag:lictonsprings.org,2018-09-19:/council-meeting-minutes-september-2018.html</id><summary type="html">&lt;p&gt;(approved)&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;LICTON SPRINGS COMMUNITY COUNCIL&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;span style="text-decoration:underline;"&gt;Minutes of Sept 19 2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Meridian Center for Health, 10521 Meridian Ave. N., Seattle 98133&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;span style="text-decoration:underline;"&gt;Directors Present&lt;/span&gt;:  Melanie Davies, Liz Kearns, Thomas Stachiw, Tim Crosley, Jan Brucker, and Kathleen Braden.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Thomas convened the meeting by having everyone introduce themselves and talk about what issues they …&lt;/p&gt;</summary><content type="html">&lt;p&gt;(approved)&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;LICTON SPRINGS COMMUNITY COUNCIL&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;span style="text-decoration:underline;"&gt;Minutes of Sept 19 2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Meridian Center for Health, 10521 Meridian Ave. N., Seattle 98133&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;span style="text-decoration:underline;"&gt;Directors Present&lt;/span&gt;:  Melanie Davies, Liz Kearns, Thomas Stachiw, Tim Crosley, Jan Brucker, and Kathleen Braden.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Thomas convened the meeting by having everyone introduce themselves and talk about what issues they were interested in putting forth. A neighbor from 105&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt; St expressed her concern about crime, drug use, prostitution in neighborhood.  Melanie offered to send her the anti-crime information Mary Amberg had provided at our June meeting. A representative from Seattle Neighborhood Group discussed the community safety survey going out regarding the 8800 block of Nesbit. Kathleen will send out the link to the listserv.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;June 20, 2018 minutes and Treasurer's Report were approved.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Kathleen moved to spend approx. $78 for a banner for the Community Council to be used at neighborhood events. Seconded and approved.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Melanie discussed upcoming Halloween event in Licton Springs park and the need for Friends of the Forest volunteers.  Melanie would like to also interest Eagle Staff parents and students to help.  melanie requested $400 for cost o musicians, cider, and candy.  MindyLee Irvine also is putting together a map of safe trick or treating houses in the neighborhood.  Seconded and approved to spend the $400 requested.  Melanie will communicate with Emma Medicine Whitecrow of the Licton Springs neighborhood and schools to see if costs can be reduced by coordinating with the schools. Jan expressed a desire to see Native American representative images of animals at the event.  Emma also discussed the work at the schools and the hope to inspire and excite the children about tribal sovereignty of the land at Licton Springs park.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Thomas Speer of Urban Native Education Alliance made a presentation, explaining as well his role as an elder and his concern for Licton Springs' historic significance. He noted that the Duwamish people have been in the area for 15,000years because tribal traditions date back to the Ice Age.  He stated that there were originally three springs at the park: Sulphur, iron oxide, and magnesium.  As of today, only the iron oxide spring is intact. He expressed dismay about the graffiti, needles, trash, excrement, and prostitution in the park. He also noted the significance of the park to the David Denny family and that David Denny, unlike other Dennys, had been a friend to local Native Americans.  Speer spoke for a group that is advocating for designation of the park as a historic landmark, with accompanying signage to explain the historic significance of the park. LSCC is requested to write a letter supporting the designation, as noted by both Thomas Speer and other visitors present such as Matt Remle, who provided a notebook of information.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Emma called for more money for education directly, rather than, for example, the money spent on the Andrew Morrison murals.  There was a general discussion about designation of historic places in Licton Springs area.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Kathleen asked questions about the impact of a historic designation o the park management of the space and wants to be cautious about potentially negative interaction between City depts. that might inadvertently be harmful to use of the park. The group at the meeting also discussed federal recognition of tribes.  Melanie affirmed Liz's role as forest steward for the park. and Kathleen gave an update on a proposal underway to DON to upgrade the signage in the park (Kathleen, Liz, Emma, Amanda Culp, and Joseph are all on the committee).&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;melanie reported on ALUV and the moratorium on development along Aurora.  Home Zone- Greenways is also looking at ways to slow traffic in some areas around Licton Springs.  A recent meeting on the topic had good attendance and there is a survey link on the Love Licton blog.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Jan, Ellen, and Amada discussed 501 c 3 status restoration.  Amanda moved spending the $275 for reinstatement application. This was seconded and approved.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Jan brought up her dislike of the placement of portables at the new schools.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Meeting adjourned at 8:35. Minutes submitted by Kathleen Braden, secretary.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Next meeting Oct 17, 2018&lt;/p&gt;</content></entry><entry><title>Informal Notes from July meeting</title><link href="https://lictonsprings.org/informal-notes-from-july-meeting.html" rel="alternate"></link><published>2018-07-18T00:00:00-07:00</published><updated>2018-07-18T00:00:00-07:00</updated><author><name>Licton Springs Community Council</name></author><id>tag:lictonsprings.org,2018-07-18:/informal-notes-from-july-meeting.html</id><summary type="html">&lt;p&gt;LICTON SPRINGS COMMUNITY COUNCIL&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;span style="text-decoration:underline;"&gt;Informal Notes from July 18 2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;(there was not a quorum at this meeting to conduct official LSCC business)&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Meridian Center for Health, 10521 Meridian Ave. N., Seattle 98133&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;span style="text-decoration:underline;"&gt;Directors Present&lt;/span&gt;:  Tim Crosley, Joseph Amman, Liz Kearns, and Kathleen Braden.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Joseph convened the meeting at 6 …&lt;/p&gt;</summary><content type="html">&lt;p&gt;LICTON SPRINGS COMMUNITY COUNCIL&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;span style="text-decoration:underline;"&gt;Informal Notes from July 18 2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;(there was not a quorum at this meeting to conduct official LSCC business)&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Meridian Center for Health, 10521 Meridian Ave. N., Seattle 98133&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;span style="text-decoration:underline;"&gt;Directors Present&lt;/span&gt;:  Tim Crosley, Joseph Amman, Liz Kearns, and Kathleen Braden.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Joseph convened the meeting at 6:40 PM.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Treasurer's Report and minutes of May 16, 2018 will be approved at September meeting.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Susan Ward, Sean Watts, Lee Bruch, and two new members of the community attended and discussed issues of concern, particularly related to public safety in the Licton Springs neighborhood.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Sean, Susan, and Lee discussed sending a docent to the upcoming July 31 field trip for City Council Reps. Gonzalez and Mosqueda to District Five.  Susan prepared some talking points that the group discussed and then made suggestions, thanking Susan. Sean agreed to serve as a docent. The LSCC members present agreed to Sean's service and thanked him.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;The meeting was adjourned at 8:30 PM.  Notes submitted by Kathleen Braden, Secretary&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Next meeting Sept. 19, 2018&lt;/p&gt;</content></entry><entry><title>Council Meeting Minutes June 2018</title><link href="https://lictonsprings.org/council-meeting-minutes-june-2018.html" rel="alternate"></link><published>2018-06-16T00:00:00-07:00</published><updated>2018-06-16T00:00:00-07:00</updated><author><name>Licton Springs Community Council</name></author><id>tag:lictonsprings.org,2018-06-16:/council-meeting-minutes-june-2018.html</id><summary type="html">&lt;p&gt;(approved)&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;LICTON SPRINGS COMMUNITY COUNCIL&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;span style="text-decoration:underline;"&gt;Minutes of June 20 2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Meridian Center for Health, 10521 Meridian Ave. N., Seattle 98133&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;span style="text-decoration:underline;"&gt;Directors Present&lt;/span&gt;:  Melanie Davies, Thomas Stachiw, Tim Crosley, Jan Brucker, and Kathleen Braden.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Thomas convened the meeting at 6:40 PM.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Treasurer's Report and minutes of May 16, 2018 were …&lt;/p&gt;</summary><content type="html">&lt;p&gt;(approved)&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;LICTON SPRINGS COMMUNITY COUNCIL&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;span style="text-decoration:underline;"&gt;Minutes of June 20 2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Meridian Center for Health, 10521 Meridian Ave. N., Seattle 98133&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;span style="text-decoration:underline;"&gt;Directors Present&lt;/span&gt;:  Melanie Davies, Thomas Stachiw, Tim Crosley, Jan Brucker, and Kathleen Braden.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Thomas convened the meeting at 6:40 PM.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Treasurer's Report and minutes of May 16, 2018 were approved.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Amanda Culp presented an initial proposal to establish a dog off-leash area in Mineral Springs Park, following the City of Seattle guidelines for making a proposal (which Amanda and Tim Crosley distributed, along with a map of the park and location of other areas). Melanie suggested giving the Park Meridian residents a heads up. M/S/A that Licton Springs Community Council be a sponsoring organization to move ahead with the proposal to create an off-leash area in Mineral Springs Park per application process with Seattle Dept. of Parks &amp;amp; Recreation and include public outreach.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;span style="text-decoration:underline;"&gt;Mary Amberg&lt;/span&gt;, Seattle Police Department Crime Prevention Coordinator made a presentation on neighborhood safety.  Mary explained her role, the role of David Gordon, community police team coordinator for our area, and the services they can provide. She showed a map explaining the boundaries and outlined the various issues David deals with in the neighborhood.  Visitors from the community asked questions with concerns about safety and police response when 911 Is called.  Mary explained the 911 prioritization system and noted that the police &lt;em&gt;always&lt;/em&gt; respond but they might not come in person other than a drive-by survey unless a "request contact" phrase is used by caller to actually have an officer come to the door. Mary discussed the Navigation Tea, and outreach, cleanup of homeless camps, the use of the Find It-Fix It application, and the best way to report campers.  She reviewed the statistics for the N3 beat within the North Precinct where Licton Springs is located. She urged people not to leave &lt;em&gt;anything&lt;/em&gt; in cars because of car prowls. The current plan for the North Precinct building was discussed. She noted the LEAD program (Law Enforcement Aided Diversion) is coming to the precinct and officers are in training now. More officer shave been budgeted for patrols around the Aurora Encampment. She provided "Smart 911" cards from King County for people who might want their information to be recorded since there is currently not a way for an exact location to be tracked just from a cell phone. &lt;a href="https://www.kingcounty.gov/depts/it/e-911-program/smart-911.aspx"&gt;https://www.kingcounty.gov/depts/it/e-911-program/smart-911.aspx&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Mary noted that one can call the North Precinct and put in a "request to watch" for neighborhood or house and, provided the officer has time, it will be done on a regular basis.  She noted that King County keeps the sex registry and a map for the Licton Springs neighborhood can be seen online [https://www.kingcounty.gov/depts/sheriff/sex-offender-search.aspx]&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;span style="text-decoration:underline;"&gt;Licton Springs Web Page&lt;/span&gt;- Timothy showed us the proposed new web page for the Licton Springs Community Council which includes archived existing page.  He and Amanda had also scanned in old copies of &lt;em&gt;Currents&lt;/em&gt; and added a link, as well as a link to the North Precinct, things to do in the neighborhood, green space, discussion page, community calendar, and many other features.  The Licton Springs Community Council members complimented Tim &amp;amp; Amanda on it. M/S/A to commission Tim to go ahead with it and Kathleen will put him in contact with Lisa Henry to get codes.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;span style="text-decoration:underline;"&gt;Lee Bruch on Aurora Coalition, D5 plans-&lt;/span&gt; The May 31 forum sponsored by D5 with at-large City Council representatives went well, with about 150 people attending. In July, there will be vehicle-tours of District Five neighborhoods with Mosqueda and González over a two day period, July 27 (Northgate and Lake City) and July 31 (Licton Springs, Haller Lake, Bitter Lake).  Lee called for docents to help with the tour and make presentations at various stops, as well as assistance with handouts. Both ALUV and Licton Springs should participate. Jan suggested Liz for the park and discussed issues related to City Light land.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;The group then discussed concerns about plans for the North Precinct police station (portables, new parking area).&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;The meeting was adjourned at 8:40 PM.  Notes submitted by Kathleen Braden, Secretary&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Next meeting July 18, 2018&lt;/p&gt;</content></entry><entry><title>Council Meeting Minutes May 2018</title><link href="https://lictonsprings.org/council-meeting-minutes-may-2018.html" rel="alternate"></link><published>2018-05-16T00:00:00-07:00</published><updated>2018-05-16T00:00:00-07:00</updated><author><name>Licton Springs Community Council</name></author><id>tag:lictonsprings.org,2018-05-16:/council-meeting-minutes-may-2018.html</id><summary type="html">&lt;p&gt;(approved)&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;LICTON SPRINGS COMMUNITY COUNCIL&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;span style="text-decoration:underline;"&gt;Minutes of May 16 2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Meridian Center for Health, 10521 Meridian Ave. N., Seattle 98133&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;span style="text-decoration:underline;"&gt;Directors Present&lt;/span&gt;:  Ellen Beck, Melanie Davies, Thomas Stachiw, Joseph Amann, Tim Crosley, and Kathleen Braden.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Thomas convened the meeting at 6:40 PM. People attending introduced themselves and explained issues …&lt;/p&gt;</summary><content type="html">&lt;p&gt;(approved)&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;LICTON SPRINGS COMMUNITY COUNCIL&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;span style="text-decoration:underline;"&gt;Minutes of May 16 2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Meridian Center for Health, 10521 Meridian Ave. N., Seattle 98133&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;span style="text-decoration:underline;"&gt;Directors Present&lt;/span&gt;:  Ellen Beck, Melanie Davies, Thomas Stachiw, Joseph Amann, Tim Crosley, and Kathleen Braden.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Thomas convened the meeting at 6:40 PM. People attending introduced themselves and explained issues they were interested in including park safety, cleanliness of neighborhood, school lighting, crime prevention.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Treasurer's Report: Ellen noted a few items, such as the fact she paid the InMotion web hosting bill and filed the 99n from with the IRS and deposited two membership checks. The Treasurer's Report for April 1-30 2018 was approved as distributed. M/S/A the minutes of April 4, 2018 as distributed by email.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Lou-Anne Daoust-Filiatrault from Seattle Public Utilities visited and presented information on an SPU pilot Litter Abatement Program.  Licton Springs will be the next neighborhood chosen for the program.  Two workers clean litter from Aurora Avenue and some nearby streets twice per week on Tuesdays and Fridays. Licton Springs was chosen as a result of the number of issues raised by residents to the City. The litter cleaning cannot be done in parks or on private property under this program. SPU also hopes to expand in the future the number of sharps disposal containers available since there are only eight city-wide.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Licton Springs and Mineral Springs Parks- Randy Wiger of City Parks &amp;amp; Recreation is holding two more public meetings, June 5 and July 3 and trying to get more people from disc golf community to attend.  Joseph reported on the recent work party in Licton Springs park. Kathleen noted the cordoning off around the restroom is due to roof and skylight repair.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;M/S/A Kathleen will send a letter to Parks &amp;amp; Recreation Dept requesting that pet waste station be added to Licton Springs park.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Communications task force: Joseph, Timothy, Tom Meyer, and Kathleen met May 8 and decided four points as recommendations:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;that Licton Springs Community Council move its web outreach to the Love Licton blog managed by Tim and Amanda Crosley with the current Licton Springs Community Council website archived and still available via the blog.  Retain symbols for Licton Springs Community Council as cat-tail. Tim and Amanda will do a prototype that can be shown at June 20 meeting.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;to initiate a campaign to get out more knowledge throughout the neighborhood of Licton Springs Community Council&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;make bulletin board in Licton Springs Park more prominent, perhaps move near restroom&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Joseph is on sustainability committee for North Seattle College and will work with that group on community outreach&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Licton Springs Community Council approved having a table at Debora Juarez's Live in D5 event June 30. Melanie and Kathleen can provide labor.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Lee Bruch presented information on a proposed Aurora Coalition and a draft of a letter to the City with information about safety concerns and steps for action had been circulated by email in draft form.  Lee is visiting different neighborhood groups to develop support for the coalition. Lee would like Licton Springs Community Council to join, to support the letter, and appoint a person to liaison with the coalition. After discussion, concern was raised that some missing Board members would want to vote on the request, so it is delayed until the June 20 meeting, but Thomas asked that an email discussion be generated among Board members. M/S/A meanwhile to authorize this statement for Lee with permission to use it: &lt;em&gt;The Licton Springs Community Council agrees with the conclusions raised by Lee Bruch on behalf of the Aurora Coalition and appreciates the proposed action steps in principle.  We will vote at our June 20, 2018 meeting on joining the coalition.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Visitors to the meeting then were invited to discuss some of their concerns and Lori Bienhoff discussed the lighting decision by Seattle Public Schools and the neighborhood meeting (which Melanie, Liz, Joseph also attended). The issue of access to the playfields at the Cascadia and RESMS schools was also discussed. Dissatisfaction was expressed that the School district would proceed with the lighting despite any opposition from the neighborhood. Lee Bruch offered materials from the (failed) attempt to get lighting controlled at Blanchet H.S. a few years earlier.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Melanie noted that Mary Amberg of the Seattle Police Dept agreed to attend the Licton Springs Community Council June 20 meeting and Kathleen will make sure it is advertised.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Amanda Crosley said she is very interested in helping with any community events and Kathleen will put her in touch with Jan Brucker who could not be here this evening.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;The meeting was adjourned at 8:35 PM.  Notes submitted by Kathleen Braden, Secretary&lt;/p&gt;</content></entry><entry><title>Council Meeting Minutes April 2018</title><link href="https://lictonsprings.org/council-meeting-minutes-april-2018.html" rel="alternate"></link><published>2018-04-15T00:00:00-07:00</published><updated>2018-04-15T00:00:00-07:00</updated><author><name>Licton Springs Community Council</name></author><id>tag:lictonsprings.org,2018-04-15:/council-meeting-minutes-april-2018.html</id><summary type="html">&lt;p&gt;LICTON SPRINGS COMMUNITY COUNCIL
Minutes of April 4 2018
Meridian Center for Health, 10521 Meridian Ave. N., Seattle 98133
Directors Present: Jan Brucker, Liz Kearns, Melanie Davies, Tom Meyer, and Kathleen Braden.
Jan convened the meeting at 6:30 PM. People attending introduced themselves.
Dave Kunkel, who has done so …&lt;/p&gt;</summary><content type="html">&lt;p&gt;LICTON SPRINGS COMMUNITY COUNCIL
Minutes of April 4 2018
Meridian Center for Health, 10521 Meridian Ave. N., Seattle 98133
Directors Present: Jan Brucker, Liz Kearns, Melanie Davies, Tom Meyer, and Kathleen Braden.
Jan convened the meeting at 6:30 PM. People attending introduced themselves.
Dave Kunkel, who has done so much to preserve Pillings Pond and its waterfowl, visited and
made a brief report on the property. He noted the section with the pond has been a designated
wetland and requires much upkeep. The property sold recently for $650,000. Dave has been
feeding and caring for over 100 fowl, mainly wood ducks (see photo), many of which he has
raised. Dave reviewed the history of the property since several people had come to the
meeting to show interest in it. He noted the family that purchased the property has an interest
in ducks, but most likely will be renting out the house. Dave is continuing to manage the
property. Jan reviewed past efforts, particularly by Dave Barber and neighborhood groups to
keep it preserved. The Parks Dept. does not seem inclined to take it on. There was a
suggestion to revive Friends of Pillings Pond as in the past, there had been non-profit status
for a group with that name. A neighbor who was attending out of interest in the property,
indicated she might like to help with that effort. Kathleen will send her contact information for
others who have been involved in the past.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Lee Bruch made a presentation on Aurora Avenue and noted that it is a good
time to consider future improvements. Lee is hoping to create a coalition of
north end groups who have a stake in the corridor and has already approached
many neighborhood groups such as Haller Lake, Green lake, Bitter Lake,
Greenwood, ALUV. Part of the impetus came from a recent series of stories on KUOW radio
about the corridor. Lee has also been asked to write something for “The Urbanist”. The group
reviewed past efforts and asked Lee some questions about role of WSDOT, evolution of
thinking on the part of businesses along Aurora. A re-paving project will occur summer of
2018&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[secretary’s note: see list of District Five 2018 street and utility projects at D5 Projects 2018]
Spring event- Melanie noted ALUV liked the idea of a garage sale event, perhaps for school
parking lots. Jan also presented information on the Seattle Symphonic Band at North Seattle
College. A possibility of music in the park and budget was briefly discussed in an
introductory, exploratory way (no details).
The Council noted the March 26 meeting on Licton Village low barrier encampment and an
interest in the community on crime rates. There was also an analysis on crime rates nearby
done on NextDoor. [secretary note- Draft Minutes Community Advisory Meeting March 22
2018]
The minutes of March 21 2018 were presented and Joseph had several corrections, so he will
send them to Kathleen and the minutes can be approved. The Treasurer’s Report of March
2018 was approved.
Vote on Board Members: Per Articles VII and VIII of the Licton Springs Community Council
By-Laws, the following people, having been nominated at the March 2018 meeting, were voted
on and approved for terms through April 2020:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Joseph Amann&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Ellen Beck&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Jan Brucker&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Melanie Davies&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Liz Kearns&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;p&gt;In accord with Article VII-4 on filling a vacancy, the Board elected as a member Tim Crosley
and his term will run through April of 2018 as well.
M/S/Unanimous approval to thank Tom Meyer who has served for many years. Tom
indicate he will still be available to assist with improving communication for the Council.
Officers- elected by the Board are as follows:
Thomas Stachiw – President
Joseph Amann- Vice-President
Kathleen Braden – Secretary
Ellen Beck-Treasurer&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Liz Kearns gave an update on Licton Springs and Mineral Springs Parks, including how to
report campers in the parks to the City. The April 3 meeting with Randy Wiger of Parks Dept
on Mineral Springs Park had not been very well attended, possibly due to poor publicity.
There is a hope to get the disk golfing community more involved in future meetings.
Melanie Davies will contact Mary Amberg of Seattle Police Dept to see if she could attend a
June meeting on safety issues. Jan noted that we are lacking a representative to the Seattle
Police Advisory Committee and that Birgit Ardea might be interested in this service and Jan
will contact her about it.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;The meeting was adjourned at 8:35 PM. Notes submitted by Kathleen Braden, Secretary&lt;/p&gt;</content></entry></feed>